Time to stop acting as members of the elite, here is my answer to you, Mcreator haters

Ik that you're used to send this famous github file, "why Mcreator sucks" and since i'm too lazy to educate you, here is a list of possible issues you
have with Mcreator, and why you're the only one to care. I'll first answer to the original github points, and then explain what Mcreator made of great for the
modding community. Also i'm french, so sorry about my english grammar 
What i'm responding to : https://gist.github.com/thebrightspark/6d2bc3ca824fe2198b8979b070c4c943

LIMITATIONS ON WHAT YOU CAN DO
  Limitations ? Oh yeah the software is limited. But what aren't you able to do ? The software is upgraded at every update, and plugins are adding a lot of possibilites.
  Sure you'll never be totally free, but you're not in java too. Most peoples arguing about stuff you can't do with Mcreator are taking examples of complex things
  they couldn't make alone with classic coding. Because you can't don't mean that you need to or want to, i'm tired of seeing "yEah bUt yOu cAn'T mAkE thiS tHinG yOu
  dOn'T nEed". Because i can't do something don't mean that i'm limited if i have no need for it.
  Most haters are also refering to old Mcreator versions, when, with recents updates, a LOT of stuff was added. Also yeah the software isn't making everything possible, 
  but it's totally possibly to fully lock your workspace to edit your code as you like too. Lots of users use locked code to tweak or add small features the software 
  don't, and there is no issue with it.
  
OVER-SIMPLIFIES CODE
  This point in the original file really resume the issue with the Mcreator haters. They are seeing themself as some Elite menaced by "the lose of skill and knowledge
  required to mod with Mcreator". You're refusing modernity and feeling endangered by the apparition of a software allowing everyone to make something you spent a lot
  of time in. You're refusing the accessibility cuz you want to avoid competition, because you know that a day will come where your "skills and knowledge" will have been
  replaced, and only creativity will matter. And this day, you don't know if you'll be able to stay on your throne.
  It's like complaining of "Blockbench is making me shine less as a code entity model make", yeah and ? Who cares, it helps, why would we like to learn modeling from
  code when we don't need to know everything to make what we want to.
  "Yeah but because it's easy some peoples will stop java modding and instead continue using it when seeing how easier it is" From what i've seen, i've mainly seen
  peoples learning it when they wouldn't have started without Mcreator being an introduction to modding. Lots of peoples using Mcreator learn progressively a bit of java
  or completly switch, peoples staying to Mcreator simply don't learn java because they never wanted to in the first place.
  I also see some haters saying "It's useless for programming". Then why did i saw multiple times devs looking at the way Mcreator is adding some stuff to implement it ?
  Or many famous developpers or teams using it as a way to create sketchs of ideas or concepts (Endergetic, Infernal Studios, etc) ? 
  I mean modders NEVER check google to look at how to add something, they are borned with an infinite omniscient knowledge making them beings above us poor mortals

ALLOWS FOR CRAPPY, GENERIC MODS
  So Mcreator invented unoriginal low quality mods ? Just take a look at some of the most popular MC mods. The only reason why they are popular today is because they are
  old and peoples grew with them, they are "iconic" but most of them are unoriginal af and have horrible assets. Yeah Mcreator allowed low quality mods to be made easier,
  but what would it have been without ? In my opinion worth, but it's another more complex topic, and they are still bad java mods, that's a stupid point
  The software allowed players to create mods to play the way the would like to play, because you don't find them interesting don't mean that it's not the way they would 
  like to play the game. What's the issue with peoples doing small fun mods they enjoy working on or playing with ? Your goal isn't their goal, and i personnaly think 
  that the issue is on CF/modrinth/Planetminecraft/etc side, to not moderate the low effort / too similar content spam.
  It's also an introduction to modding, even if only 10, or 5, or even 1% end up doing great stuff, you never start by doing insane things. You try, learn and end up 
  doing great things.

MAKES DEVELOPERS THINK MODDING IS A SIMPLE PROCESS
  Yeah basically this point was in the original file the creator complaining about how horrible it is to help peoples...

CLOSED-SYSTEM
  This is outdated. You can now fully lock and edit the code if you're not satisfied of the generated one. Also complotism about "Mcreator Dev Team" being evil...
  Ik some members of the staff and they are everything but diabolic, it's just a random pointless try to make Mcreator look dangerous (fear sophism isn't a valid
  argument)

VERY HARD TO CATCH AND FIX ERRORS
  Simply false. You most of the time get the procedure creating the issue, from a MCR dev perspective it's really easy to debug. If they have clear names, it's 
  easy to understand what's causing it

HAVE TO BIDE BY THE PROGRAM'S TOS
  Again some fear sophism, i mean that's the case for everything you use daily online... Stop using Github, Google, Discord...

WHAT / WHO IS MCREATOR DESIGNED FOR?
  Wait you're deciding who have the RIGHT to use a software ? Who are you thinking you are lmao ? 

EXCUSES THAT DO NOT WORK
  That's crazy how much irrespect you can put in here xD Because you didn't touched grass when you were 12yo don't mean that everybody should. You know Mcreator
  users can make life choices without being constantly harrased because you're considering them as lazy ?

WHAT MCREATOR CONTRIBUTED TO DO
  - Making more players interested in modding
  - Player who would have never started learning it wihtout MCreator learned it progressively when using custom code
  - Made Model Makers and Pixel Artists shine throught Mcreator mods, allowing them to create mods, and eventually made them start pixel art in the first place
  - Helped peoples to enjoy their random mods without having to learns tons of java



